Grandma, calm down and think about it
Daxia Chamber of Commerce has not been able to develop overseas markets in recent years
want
Is that we can convince each other to cooperate with Wiley International
At present, they will stop supporting the officials.
Instead, it will help us
Yeah, it's really good.
As expected of my daughter
Be attentive
Even thought of this layer
Just based on your words
I don't believe it. I'll give you two days.
If you can't do it
You can invite yourself to the official's house to apologize
No two days
I'll do it now.
There's a movement in what I asked you to check
How is Xie Xianqing feeling recently?
Xie Xianqing went to a private auction
There were all kinds of big names.
Guan Mingcheng, the young master of the Guan family, also went to participate
Guan family again
What a coincidence
be called
I'm going to see what kind of auction this is
Charity Auction Invitation Letter
Xie Xianqing is here to demonstrate for you
Adults don't know
he
Join forces with Bai Refining to deal with our Willy International
As a result, we are currently unable to conduct business.
Even Mrs. Ning's project can't start
Okay, then I'll accompany you on a trip.
Oh good
With you
The problem will naturally be solved immediately.